Version v1.8.6

Major Changes
Converted Red Death, Fury of Dagon, Putrid Skies to be 'Harvest Conditions'
Add Political Movement for Cult Supremacy

Minor Changes
Dynamic State/Hub names for countries
Use Cult Comcepts on Loading Screens
Slow down Stygia formation
Add country flag icon to Historical Events
Add 'Major Character' from AC Doyle

Bug Fixes
Cultist Power Bloc formable without SOI DLC
Revolting Cultist can not add to Ritual
Greater New England requires 10+ states
YIG annexes limited to the Americas
YIG missionaries to Upper not Middle Egypt

------

Version v1.7.6.1

Major Changes
Increase rate of Spread for previous Cult countries
Negative trait spread in post 'Return' events.
Reduced Liberty desirce for ELD puppets on the Return.

Minor Changes
Add 'In the Abyss' events (H G Wells)
Add extra Historic events. Added more effects to existing ones.
Improved event text.
Cultist Ideology opposes Atheism.
Reference to C A Smith 'White Worm'
Converted 'Cult Missionaries' decision to journal button

Bug Fixes
Fix Annex Bug - was annexing non-Cultists
Fix Dagonic Subject Release
Nephren-Ka Character Attack - invert probabilities
Reinstated Game Rule effects on progress bars

------

Version v1.7.6

Major Changes
Progress Bars for Journals
Add Cultist Power Bloc Identity - available to the major cult countries.
Lobby boost between cultists on Cult Conjunctions/Major Events.

Minor Changes
Extend Dagonic Chinese Land release, removing most Cultist homelands.
Add New Cult IG name 'Grand Lodges'
Try and force Power Bloc names for Cult Countries.
Add decision to remove Cultist Homelands in post revolution/ pre Eldritch countries
Change Yigian Religion Colour to Green for map contrast.
Improved event text.
Use Novanglian instead of New English for adjective.
Add warning to Mi-Go path.

Bug Fixes
Remove Cultist Flag symbols after Cult removal due to revolutions.
Correct conditions for new companies.

------

Version v1.7

Major Changes
v1.7 and SOI compatability
Add Diplomatic Action to 'Oppose the Cult'
Change Diplomatic Actions so Cultist support each other.
Expand 'Trapezohedron' events to Mi-Go and Hasturians.
Youthfulness for Cult Masters and certain other characters.
Archaeological Expedition to Nile.

Minor Changes
Hasturian America must have capital in Americas.
New New England companies 'Marsh Fisheries', 'Curwen Forestries', 'West Chemicals'

Bug Fixes
Correct King in Yellow notification header.
Add tooltip for 'Tonic' mobilisation option.
Fix the Carnacki Lights decision.

------

Version v1.6.2.1

Bug Fixes
Reconciliation Counter Fix
Minor Spelling Corrections.

------

Version v1.6.2

Major Changes
Journal for 'Reconciliation' with Yankees
'Greater New England' possible via Canada expansion.

Minor Changes
Reduce Excessive Cultist Conversion post arrival
Spiritualist and Theosophic spread to random countries
Increase starting normal Yankee population in New England
Dynamic Infamy for Cultist Purge
Increase Investigator availability timeframe
Add 'The White Worm' (B Stoker)
Increase chance of Hastur if Ritual is late.

Bug Fixes
Leng formation with Heavenly Kingdom.
Search for K'n-yan not completing
Correct Concept for Y'ha-nthlei.
Fix Character Interaction when no minor cult nations

-----

Version v1.5.10

Major Changes
New Horde Unit for Cultist Countries
New Naval Unit for Dagonic Shores
Mobilization Options based on Esoteric Goods
Releasable African Cult Colonies

Minor Changes
New 'Maritmes' Journal, replacing and expanding New Brunswick decisions
Add 'Lot. No. 249' (A C Doyle) potential Cultist Agitator - Bellingham
Add 'Professor Challenger'
Convert Herbert West 'Tonic' to Mobilization Option from Country Modifier
Add 'Cultist Robes' and refactored Masks to not use base game 'gene' files
Character Interaction to 'Adopt Cult Culture'
Cult Countries will start with slavery if not already existing in forming country.
'Red Death' Spread - reverse uno protection on Native American states. Tweak modifiers to increase mortality.

Bug Fixes
Restrict efects of Historic Events to source country.
Reduce 'Free Worshipper' chance of being cultist.
Fix Leng creation upon Heavenly Kingdom displacing China
Fix 'load screen 9'

-----

Version v1.4.2

Major Changes
Add 'Occult Investigator' Trait and Character Interaction to set it.
Adjust 'Cult Spread' count to be slowed by available Investigators
Add 'Oppose the Ritual' Journal, to use investigators to slow Ritual progress.

Minor Changes
Characters exiled due to Cult takeover gain 'Occult Investigator' trait
'Purge Cult' decision converted to Journal Button.
New Flag variants for when the cult controls certain major countries. 
'Lost Cities' now use high mortality Labourers
Added 'Historic' event for Eliphas Levi
Charles Dickens can become Investigator via 'Ghost Club'
Custom Revolt names for Cult IG lead revolts
Convert Character creation to Template based

Bug Fixes
Reinstate Cult IG traits lost in 1.4 conversion
Add cooldown to Pit and Pendulum

-----

Version v1.4.0

Major Changes
Add 'Lost Cities' buildings and associated events.
Add Occult Goods substitutes - 'Vril Rods' and 'Black Lotus Powder'
Add the 'Red Death' (E A Poe)
New 'Lost Countries' Formables.

Minor Changes
Add Historic Vril events.
Add Masks to openly Cult Leaders as visual indicator.
Increase mortality effects of existing bad things modifiers.
Initial Cultists selected from those with negative/vulnerable traits.

Bug Fixes
Correct spelling of Spiritualist
Change Ideology 'Cult Supremacy' to 'Cult Supremacist' 
Adjust Coven Leader selection to favour cult cultures

-----

Version v1.3.6
Works with patch v1.3.6
Mainly a 'Religious' Rework

Major Changes
Add new 'historic' beliefs - Spiritualism and Theosophy.
New mechanism for Religious and Cult Spread.
Character Interactions to recruit / promote them within the Cult.
Change Devout IG to be non-Cult only. Change Devout name in Cult countries.
Decision for Cult country takeover if Cult IG in neutral is powerful.

Minor Changes
Extra 'Historic' events and additional text and actions associated with existing events.
'Haunter of the Dark' (HPL) event path.
'Ruination' decisions and events for when Cult owns the Vatican, St Basils, or Hagia Sophia.
Add new Title for leader of Cult country.
Prevent politically powerful Cults from being purged.
Cult Crisis IG modifier if Cthulhu leaves.
Add progress bar on 'Assist Ritual' journal. 

Bug Fixes
Correct DAG references to DGN

------

Version v1.3
Works with current main game version 1.3, with Agitator Compatible game play.

Major Changes
Mi-Go 'Brain Swap Country Hop' mode returns. (based on Vic 2 version).
New non-Cthulhu alternate end game based on a work by H G Wells (features Martians, but not those Martians).
Cult Countries are semi-playable. They are now, in part, decision-based and not random events.

Minor Changes
AI Cult Countries have custom strategies.
End-game effects and opponents toughened up.
Context (aka Tooltips) added to generally improved localisation texts.
Conjunction effects reworked.
More Custom Cult IG names.

Added small event paths for...
'Casting the Runes' (M R James) - For when you need to get rid of those who don't believe in Alchemy
'Pit and the Pendulum' (E A Poe) - added to the existing Inquisition path.
'Holiness of Azédarac' (C A Smith) * * Exclusive French Content * * (single event)

Bug Fixes
Use the correct Localisation for the 1838 event (was using 1848 text).
Fixed final doom of 'Herbert West'
'Carnacki' path can finally complete.
Characters in a Cult IG automatically gets the Cultist trait.